all dear friends with you and
maracasi and you watch the show chic
position issue 63 and first
location is on map
sandy river in head-on mode
square c7 and here it is worth going on the tank
with a strong tower and good angles
vertical guidance for example t29
t32 and so on thanks to the fact that you
you are a bit higher
a little better from here you can shoot
nearby opponents
Well, and besides, you will break through extremely
difficult and you can quite a long time here
be
the only thing that can shoot through
orton is if you move after
each shot then maybe not even
can you get on the whole not
static and for american tank
quite fit and personally I would have experienced
this position may not be the tpm
heaped but rather effective
and if you want an unusual position then
I have this for you it's true
a bit risky and but basically in
some situations and its quite possible
apply effectively and so you
need light on medium tank and
if there is nobody in the courtyard then
climb up this ruined
home and from here you already stick out and
shoot enemies that are
near, in principle, I think you can even
tower and trump it but mostly
This place is suitable but when
opponents are distracted for example there your
allies attack and you are there on the easy
the tank begins to fire their side and in
forage thereby Prague simply can not
react and if they still
keep warm on you to you can very
quickly hide here
the whole place is original in my very
even quite good
love to play aggressive on average
tanker prefer themselves to go and
highlight yourself deal damage
own light then it's a tactic
for you
drive to e8 square on erlenberg map and
here you can highlight opponents and
shoot them besides here
rather hilly terrain and therefore
you can tank the tower
no doubt this tactic is very
risky but it only allows you
actively influence the course of the battle since you are here
highlight opponents damage them
most season agrit and unpleasant and on
yourself and not particularly experienced opponents go
right on you want to destroy you and in
end up being substituted and dying under
shots of your allies
Well, of course, be them, too, and in
general tactics are quite interesting
which are pretty dangerous further we go
position for sniper lovers on
Ny map in square d 4
climb on this pile of debris and here
you can shoot like a sniper through here
these are the windows passing by in the center
tanks are pretty simple
after the light you can move down
if opponents shoot at you also
if you have a strong tower if you are on
heavy tank of course you can
ok see botan down in general then
the place is great allows you to well damage
in some cases, even opponents
to aggro on you and trying to somehow you
punch but this is just for you and
allows even more damage in general
just super then we have interesting
the place on the map of El Halluf squared a3
and it is great for not very
tall tanks with a solid tower for example
yes yes there are 3 pin is even better for three
fours or 30 brisk you can here
so that way roll out fast
follow the opponent on shoot and then
hiding while enemies see only
one tower and it will be extremely difficult for you
punch so you can here quite
stay long and that way
damage and damage the enemy
tower but naturally your fun can
interrupt art she calmly pulls out
can't throw you right in the stern it
it will be naturally very unpleasant
so you should always go if the arts
no, and so we continue
dizzying position further with us
goes hard to reach position on
bullfighting map in g8 square where it stands
go fast cars
and also help allies yes
I agree that it is very difficult here
climb and few will help in
most cases but if you can
come here then this is the perfect place for
small tanks with good angles
vertical guidance
because you can like this
lean out shoot some
opponents when he's on you keep warm you
here it is easy to hide and do not get damage
in reply
you can also drive a little further
above and from there you can even shoot through
enemy base as well as opponents
which
zanykali here beside in general interesting
location position is really possible
do a lot of things useful for
teams he but call here of course
extremely difficult but I think who wants that
it will make the course and lastly at
I have a very cool position for you
on the map the robin in the square
HR-1 you need fast lungs
medium tanks to cheerfully
shine here
You break the boat that you were lucky and well
then everything just pokes out the spa candles
get out foes and hide and your
allies do the rest of the work then
there is damage by the enemy and they give you
for this honestly earned experience
surely the most arrogant opponent will go
right here to punish you
but it will let him down your allies
disassemble it already on the way that there is such
wonderful stone for which you
be able to hide from also uneven
terrain and in general
opponent fable get you
shine until there is anyone here
will not stay and you calmly you play
fight and get a lot of experience and all the woman
will be worn in yours but at the end for sure
will come the most evil boss who
wants to drown you but you give him
nose and
you play fight in general you will be real
champion and on this all friends thanks
great what did you watch
do not forget to subscribe to the channel
so that your efficiency there will increase the percentage of victories
and everything else and wish you all the most
best with you was marakasi and bye
friends and on this dizzy
positions end